feat(curriculum): adding reusable profile card component workshop (#57400)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-reusable-profile-card-component/674ef2d357676e50e469165b.md

---
id: 674ef2d357676e50e469165b
title: Step 5
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-5
---

# --description--

> Inside your return statement, create a `div` element with a `className` property of `flex-container`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside your return statement, replace the empty string with a `div` element with a `className` property of `flex-container`.
```
